# Evaluation Data for SuMo: A Supportive Modeling Language Environment for Guided Model Transformations

This evaluation data-set is broken into two experiments, corresponding to the two evaluation sections in 
the paper. Each experiment is contained within its own folder, which are described in the following sections:

- code-gen-experiment
- model-transform-experiment

## Experiment 1: Code Generation Evaluation

The code-gen-experiment folder follows the structure below:
```
+-- clean.sh
+-- run.sh
+-- {TestCaseName}
| +-- src
| |	+-- ...
| +-- Actual.txt
| +-- Expected.txt
| +-- {ModelName}.iml
+-- ...
```
The `clean.sh` script is used to clean the directory of files created in evaluation (all .class files and any 
files named Actual.txt, the result of running the experiments). The `run.sh` script runs the evaluation 
experiment printing results to the console, and also creating an Actual.txt result file that is stored
in the folder for each test (see below).

The remainder of the folder is a series of folders, one for each test case. Within each folder there is a `src`
folder than contains the code generated by the code generators, the original model file (the `.iml` file), 
the expected output of running the generated code, and the actual output of running the generated code.


## Experiment 2: Model Transformation Evaluation

The model-transform-experiment folder follows the structure below:
```
+-- Descriptions.xslx
+-- {TestCategoryName}
| +-- {TestCaseName}
| | +-- Output
| | | +-- actual
| | | | {TransformedModelName}.iml
| | | +-- expected
| | | | {ExpectedModelName}.iml 
| | {SoureMetaModelName}.iml
| | {TargetMetaModelName}.iml**
| | {InputInstanceModelName}.iml
| +-- ...
+-- ...
+-- ComplexExample
| +-- Output
| | +-- actual
| | | {TransformedModelName}.iml
| | +-- expected
| | | {ExpectedModelName}.iml 
| {SoureMetaModelName}.iml
| {TargetMetaModelName}.iml**
| {InputInstanceModelName}.iml
```

`**` In some test cases, only one meta-model is used for both the source and the target.

At the top level there are directories corresponding to the test categories, each of which contain a directory for
a single Test Case. For every test case, there are three input model files: a source meta-model, a target meta-model,
and an input instance model that conforms to the source meta-model. Finally, each test case has an output folder
which has actual and expected output model files in named directories (actual and output). A final top level folder 
presents a complex example, not used in the systematic evaluation, but containing several different transformations
applied together as a demonstration of complexity.

Descriptions.xslx contains the test case descriptions; for each test case, it describes the mapping rules that were
used to create the transformations.

As the comparisons between actual and expected were done manually, there are no comparison scripts.